feat: add `useInfiniteList` hook (#3393)
refinedev/refine: documentation/docs/api-reference/core/hooks/data/useInfiniteList.md

                field: "status",
                operator: "eq",
                value: "rejected",
            },
        ],
    },
});
```

```ts title="postListQueryResult.data"
{
    data: [
        {
            id: 3,
            title: "Powerful Crypto",
            status: "rejected"
        },
    ],
}
```

> Only lists records whose `status` equals to "rejected".

<br />

**Supported operators**

| Filter       | Description                     |
| ------------ | ------------------------------- |
| `eq`         | Equal                           |
| `ne`         | Not equal                       |
| `lt`         | Less than                       |
| `gt`         | Greater than                    |
| `lte`        | Less than or equal to           |
| `gte`        | Greater than or equal to        |
| `in`         | Included in an array            |
| `nin`        | Not included in an array        |
| `contains`   | Contains                        |
| `ncontains`  | Doesn't contain                 |
| `containss`  | Contains, case sensitive        |
| `ncontainss` | Doesn't contain, case sensitive |
| `null`       | Is null or not null             |

<br />

:::tip

> `useInfiniteList` can also accept all `useInfiniteQuery` options as a third parameter.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`useInfiniteList` can also accept all `useInfiniteQuery` options as a parameter.  
```

        config: {
            pagination: {
                pageSize: 4
            }
        }
    });

    if (isLoading) {
        return <p>Loading</p>;
    }
    if (error) {
        return <p>Something went wrong</p>;
    }

    return (
        <div>
            <ul>
                {data?.pages.map((page) =>
                    page.data.map(({ id, title }) => (
                        <li key={id}>
                            {id}.{title}
                        </li>
                    )),
                )}
            </ul>

            {
                hasNextPage && (
                    <button
                        onClick={() => fetchNextPage()}
                        disabled={isFetchingNextPage}
                    >
                        {isFetchingNextPage ? "Loading more..." : "Load More" }
                    </button>
                )
            }
        </div>
    );
}
// visible-block-end

setRefineProps({
    // Layout: (props: LayoutProps) => <Layout {...props} />,
    resources: [
        {
            name: "posts",
            list: PostList,
        },
    ],
});

render(<RefineHeadlessDemo />);
```

## Usage

> Let's say that we have a resource named `posts`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's assume that we have a `posts` resource with the following data:
```

        },
        {
            id: 3,
            title: "Powerful Crypto",
            status: "rejected",
        },
    ];
}
```

First of all, we will use `useInfiniteList` without passing any query configurations.

```tsx
import { useInfiniteList } from "@pankod/refine-core";

type IPost = {
    id: number;
    title: string;
    status: "rejected" | "published" | "draft";
};

const postInfiniteListResult = useInfiniteList<IPost>({ resource: "posts" });
```

```json title="postInfiniteListResult"
{
    "status": "success",
    "data": {
        "pages": [
            {
                "data": [
                    {
                        "id": 1,
                        "title": "E-business",
                        "status": "draft"
                    },
                    {
                        "id": 2,
                        "title": "Virtual Invoice Avon",
                        "status": "published"
                    }
                ],
                "total": 1370
            }
        ]
    },
    "hasNextPage": true,
    "hasPreviousPage": false,
    "isFetchingNextPage": false,
    "isFetchingPreviousPage": false
    ...
}
```

> 

Reviewer: If your API returns the result like above, you can use `useInfiniteList` without any configuration.

Maybe we can say like this.
